In 1950, the first Up-n-Atom restaurant opened.
Life was simpler then.
The 50's were a sacred time for our nation.
Good clean food,
happy homogenous people
and well segregated communities.
An enemy we understood and could control
with the threat of nuclear apocalypse.
Such was the excitement of the atomic age.
That can do American spirit is in our DNA at
Up-n-Atom!
We invented the triple burger,
the 10-Slices-of-Bacon-Triple-Cheese-Melt,
and extra creamy jumbo shake,
and of course the legendry...
2 way speaker box
for people that are too lazy to
get out of their cars to eat.
We don't succumb to trendy health fads.
At Up-n-Atom we've kept
many of the same menu items.
We still serve up all of your weekly
saturated fat,
salt,
and sugar needs
in one convenient setting.
Up-n-Atom
Food from when we were morally superior.